doc: add upgrade with gitops documents (#888)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.6.0/deploy/upgrade/longhorn-manager.md

helm upgrade longhorn longhorn/longhorn --namespace longhorn-system --version {{< current-version >}}
```

#### Upgrade with Fleet

> To upgrade with Fleet, update the value of `helm.version` in `fleet.yaml` of your GitOps repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the value of `helm.version` in the `fleet` YAML file of your GitOps repository.
```

Author: Refined. Thank you!

```
helm:
  repo: https://charts.longhorn.io
  chart: longhorn
  version: v1.6.0 # Replace with the Longhorn version you'd like to upgrade to
  releaseName: longhorn
```

#### Upgrade with Flux

> To upgrade with Flux, update the value of `spec.chart.spec.version` in the `HelmRelease` yaml file of your GitOps repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the value of `spec.chart.spec.version` in the `HelmRelease` YAML file of your GitOps repository.
```

Author: Refined. Thank you!

```
spec:
  chart:
    spec:
      chart: longhorn
      reconcileStrategy: ChartVersion
      sourceRef:
        kind: HelmRepository
        name: longhorn
      version: v1.6.0 # Replace with the Longhorn version you'd like to upgrade to
```

#### Upgrade with Argo CD

> To upgrade with Argo CD, update the value of `targetRevision` in the `Application` yaml file of your GitOps repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the value of `targetRevision` in the `Application` YAML file of your GitOps repository.
```

Author: Refined. Thank you!
